part3: Note about data scheme (#476)
smart-data-lake/smart-data-lake: docs/getting-started/part-3/custom-webservice.md

}

```

> Note, in the *Init* phase, the pre-defined **schema** (see the `ext-departures` dataObject definition in the config) is used to create an empty/dummy json file, which then gets converted to the DataFrame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, in the *Init* phase, the pre-defined **schema** (see the `ext-departures` dataObject definition in the config) is used to create an empty/dummy json string, which then gets converted to the DataFrame.
```

> Note, in the *Init* case, the pre-defined **schema** (see the `ext-departures` dataObject definition in the config) is used for the creation of an empty/dummy json file, which then gets converted to the DataFrame. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note, in the *Init* phase, the pre-defined **schema** (see the `ext-departures` dataObject definition in the config) is used to create an empty/dummy json file, which then gets converted to the DataFrame.
```

Reviewer 2: @zzeekk I think this is not strictly true. We don't create an empty Json file, we generate a DataFrame on the fly with the given schema, correct?

Author: I am happy if we can describe it in a correct way. I only want to point out that the defined schema comes in place here. This is the important bit for me. 
Thanks for finding to correct description of the present command. 
```Scala
Seq[String]().toDF("responseString")
.select(from_json($"responseString", DataType.fromDDL(schema)).as("response"))                                                                                                                                                            
.select(explode($"response").as("record"))                                                                                                                                                                                                
.select("record.*")                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
.withColumn("created_at", current_timestamp()) 
```
